welcome to arrow cab marine here is our
latest custom-built 21 foot center
console that has been designed with the
avid angler in mind
we're running on a light chop on Presque
Isle Bay in Erie Pennsylvania the arrow
cat tunnel provides a cushion of air and
the coin hauls ensure stability and a
smooth ride even though we're running
this boat with a pair of 115 engines
this design will work wonderfully with a
pair of 50s 290 horsepower motors
the arrow cat is demonstrating a whole
shop with a pair of 150 neat X it has
explosive acceleration 0 to 40 miles per
hour in just a few seconds it jumps on
the plane almost instantly
this overhead shot shows four adults
look at all that deck space this boat
has as much room as the average 24 to 26
foot center console
in this scene we are demonstrating the
smoothness of the arrow cap our
photographers on the forward casting
platform holding the camera by hands
now we are showing you the efficiency of
the arrow CAD Hall
notice how smoothly the water flows past
the halls
for the angular needing to get into
skinny back waters this is the boat for
you with the engine Dre she only draws 8
inches of water and can easily be
propelled with a 12-volt trolling motor
here you can see the beautiful lines of
the Aero CAD Hall
you
here is a 21-foot center console
equipped with a t-top perfect for the
offshore angler
notice the lack of spray and nearly flat
wake this is made possible due to the
efficiency of the arrow CAD Hall
here the arrow cat is backing down
briskly this enables you to land that
trophy fish
here we are demonstrating a tight turn
showing the exceptional stability of the
arrow cat
you
coming back to the boat launch we're
about to demonstrate something that is
highly unlikely to be done on a
conventional 21 foot boat the crew from
arrow CAD has a combined weight of over
840 pounds
we were about to demonstrate the
stability of the Aero cat haul you are
now seeing for adults over 840 pounds
standing on the rail of arrow cat haul
you